# Organizers meeting minutes

#### Date  2019-03-01

#### Participants

* @amaliacardenas
* @jmbriano
* @loriking (remotely)
* @daverick

#### Location

**To Determine**

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (25')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------:|--------------|:--:|
|**Specific workshops**|@loriking & @jmbriano|5|
|**Monthly meetings process**|@jmbriano|5|
|**Define process for selecting next hosts**|@amaliacardenas & @daverick|5|
|**Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages**|@jmbriano|5|
|**Adding Codebar Collaborators?**|@amaliacardenas|5|

## New initiatives (20')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------:|--------------|:--:|
|**Curriculum Development with Nimrod**|@loriking|10|
|**Initiative Pride Float?**|@amaliacardenas|10|

# Ongoing initiatives

## Initiative

**Owner:**

**Status:**

# New initiatives

## Initiative

**Owner:**

**Status:**
