# Organizers meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-02-01

**PARTICIPANTS:** @amaliacardenas, @jmbriano
**LOCATION:** Remote

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (30')

* **Initiative 'Specific workshops'** by @loriking and @jmbriano  (10')
* **Re-purpose Trello board & publish 'procedures for setting up events'** by @jmbriano (5')
* **Initiative 'Monthly meetings process'** by @jmbriano (5')
* **Initiative 'Define process for selecting next hosts'** by @amaliacardenas and @daverick (10')

## New initiatives (35')

* **New initiative: "Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages"** by @jmbriano (10')
* **Initiative Adding Codebar Collaborators?** by @amaliacardenas (10')
* **Initiative Curriculum Development with Nimrod** by @loriking (10')
* **Initiative Pride Float?** by @amaliacardenas (5')

# Ongoing initiatives

## Initiative

### Initiative 'Specific workshops'

**Owner:** @loriking and @jmbriano  (10')

**Status:** We don't have updates on this initiative. Lori will update us in the next meeting.
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

### Initiative 'Re-purpose Trello board & publish 'procedures for setting up events'

**Owner:** @jmbriano  (5')

**Status:** The Trello board is up and running. The process for setting up the document has been reviewed on github by David and Amalia and the PR has been merged.

In order to have initiatives move along, we decided that the deadline for commenting on PRs is two weeks. The creator of the PR can merge it if there is no feedback after two week. This initiative **can be closed**, and removed from the next agenda.


### Initiative 'Monthly meetings process'

**Owner:** @jmbriano  (5')

**Status:** The monthly meeting process document needed to have the objective added. The document was updated and PR #23 is waiting to be reviewed and merged.  This PR will be merged in 1 week if nobody has reviewed it as it is a simple change.
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.   

### Initiative 'Define process for selecting next hosts'
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas and @daverick (10')

**Status:** Amalia, David, Henriette, and Irina, met up at Cloud coworking to come up with criterion for how we prioritize where to host events. Amalia is still compiling all of the descriptions into one document and will upload a clean copy to the github repo for feedback.

Our aim is to increase diversity of where we host events so that the codebar members can engage with more of the tech community in Barcelona. We decided that each host can repeat every three months. This means that we need to find a new host every three months and our goal is to incorporate 4 new hosts every year.

In order to facilitate which hosts should be contacted next, Martin will create a google doc with a rotation list so that anybody on the organizing team can easily know which host to contacat.
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

# New initiatives

## Initiative 'Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages'
**Owner:** @jmbriano  (10')

**Status:** Martin created a text in Spanish. Since we can now create add custom text for each codebar chapter, we decided to have this text available in three languages. We currently need the text translated in Catalan and English. We will ask members of the codebar community for help with the Catalan and English translations. [Link to text in Spanish](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/blob/master/page_assets/landing-page.md)

Once the text is translated to Catalan and English, we need to ask the London team to increase the text field space so that we can add the text in three languages.

## Initiative 'Adding Codebar Collaborators?'
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas  (10')

**Status:** As adding more contributors is a big decision, we will wait until more organizers are present so that we make a decision. At the moment we are thinking that codebar contributors can take over all parts of organizing an event. They can be the MC's, welcome new people, or manage attendance at the door. If we did decide to include more members of the community, we would need to announce this decision at each event. There is already a guideline for what you need to do to be an MC, and how to manage the rsvp process at the door. We would need to give who ever is handling the RSVP process at the door a laptop with our access to the attendance system so that they could check people in.
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Initiative 'Curriculum Development with Nimrod'
**Owner:** @loriking  (10')

**Status:** Not discussed as Lori was not present. We will discuss at the next event.
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Initiative 'Pride Float?'
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas  (5')

**Status:** To be discussed at the next event. There weren't enough members to make a decision.
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.
