# Organizers meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-07-11

**PARTICIPANTS:**
_In alphabetical order_

* @amaliacardenas
* @daverick
* @jmbriano
* @loriking
* @raquelalvear
* @saljuama


**LOCATION:**

ThoughtWorks

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (25')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Specific workshops/Curriculum development|@loriking|x|
|Define process for selecting next hosts|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages|@jmbriano|x|
|Adding collaborators board|@jmbriano|x|
|Pride Month|@daverick|x|
|Handbook for organisers|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Instagram account|@raquelalvear|x|
|Adding a community manager|@loriking|x|


## New initiatives (35')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|communicate the minutes of our org meetings in the Bcn channel to promote interest in the org and have some initiative from our members|@daverick||
|Additional workshops?|@daverick||
|a kit for coach so that they can explain to their coworker why coaching at codebar is super cool ( came from a chat with Alyssa from typeform to how to foment their employee to coach at codebar when it will be at typeform)|@daverick||
| BCN codebar role in building LGBTQIA + tech community|@daverick||
|Working with some student on making better the feedback from student to coach|@daverick with Edu||
|reuse TW Computing fundamental|@daverick||
|better pairing support|@daverick & @jmbriano||


# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops/Curriculum development

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
Having conversations, nothing being definitive. One of the options is to host extra workshops for this, doing it at TW is an option.
Probably for the NOT newcomers, it can be mixed with "reuse TW computing fundamentals" topic.
We can get feedback from Codebar students about this.
@saljuama, @raquelalvear will join and help @loriking, woho!

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting.


## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**

We do not need it for 2019. We do not know if we need it for 2020.

This topic goes to the **parking lot**!


## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
PR failed, there will be a redesign of the page.
Option to translate the whole Codebar page. Propose as an exercise on OSS collaboration / ask for volunteers

This topic is in the **Parking Lot** until advancements are made in chapter-organiser-meetings#16.


## Adding collaborators board

**Owner:** @saljuama & @loriking

**Status:**
Reminder: To track people who assist the workshops and are willing to collaborate with Codebar.
The current idea is to document our process, and activities, and then be able to link potential people who can collaborate on this.

No progress

Should we consider this topic before we consider for more organisers?

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting.


## Pride Month

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**
It's over T_T

Event went really well, and had a good traction.

SADLY this event can be **closed** until next year


## Handbook for organisers

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
No updates.
Keep into account the organizer expectations.

This is topic is **ongoing** and to be included in the next meeting.


## Instagram account

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**
Account is up and running!
Documentation on how to use it is missing.
Can get help and inspiration from ThoughtWorks office manager.

This topic is **ongoing** and to be included in the next meeting


## Adding a community manager

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
To be merged into the instagram account



# New initiatives

## communicate the minutes of our org meetings in the Bcn channel to promote interest in the org and have some initiative from our members

**Owner:**

**Status:**
This item was not discussed in the meeting. It will be added to the next month initiative list.


## Additional workshops?

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**
The scope of this initative is for regular workshops.
Combining specific workshops and extra regular workshops might be to much.
Could we incour in couch burnout?
It is an opportunity for doing it in different languages (spanish / catalan), maybe with this we can rely on different coaches.
We can invest in promoting what a coach is and how it can be useful for organizations to promote.

We need to work further on define what is what we want. We need to gather intel from coaches, students, hosts.
Survey time for mid september?. Is it ok to use the codebar mailing list for the surveys?

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting.


## a kit for coach so that they can explain to their coworker why coaching at codebar is super cool ( came from a chat with Alyssa from typeform to how to foment their employee to coach at codebar when it will be at typeform)

**Owner:**

**Status:**

This item was not discussed in the meeting. It will be added to the next month initiative list.


## BCN codebar role in building LGBTQIA + tech community

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**

We should push this forward and promote diversity in different companies and other spaces, in a collaborative manner with other organizations already doing this.
There is a Donate button in the codebar page, it is possible to communicate with Codebar the donations that are donated for the barcelona chapter for this purpose.

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting.


## Working with some student on making better the feedback from student to coach

**Owner:**

**Status:**

Possibility to do a PR on improving Codebar page in regards of feedback?


## reuse TW computing fundamentals

**Owner:**

**Status:**

TW computer fundamentals is for advanced topics. We do not know if the students would be interested in it.

Facilitator sends this topic to the **parking lot**


## better pairing support

**Owner:** @jmbriano & @amaliacardenas & @daverick

**Status:**
Check different alternatives and approaches on improve the process. (i.e. have it along with the name tags)
Interesting to collect the information beforehand so maybe we can even share the pairings right after the presentation :o
Do we consider to build a tool? If so, do it in a community way.
What other chapters do?
Do we want to review the workshop presentation too?


# Other spontaneous topics

## New Organizers

**Owner** @loriking & @saljuama

**Status:**

Do we need more organizers? Stefi shown interest.
How many do we need?
Minimum req is to be able to attend montly meetings.
Propose names for potential organizers



## Tracking monthly meeting topics in Trello

**Owner** @loriking

**Status:**

Do we consider a Trello board to manage the initiatives? @loriking offers to create it
This can be used to share how we work for promotional purposes!



# Next monthly meeting

**Facilitator:** @raquelalvear

**Date:** Doooodle it!
