# Monthly organizers meeting Agenda and Meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-01-04

**PARTICIPANTS:** @amaliacardenas, @loriking (remotely), @daverick, @jmbriano
**LOCATION:** Lemonade

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (30')

* **Mission workshop** by @daverick (5')
* **Christmas mails** by @jmbriano (5')
* **Monthly meetings process** by @jmbriano (10')
* **Next events planning** by @amaliacardenas (5')

## New initiatives (30')

* **OOP workshop** by @loriking (10')
* **Re-purpose Trello board (for events only) & publish 'procedures for setting up events'** by @jmbriano (10')
* **Add 1 organizer?** by @loriking (10')

## Next meeting

* **Location:** To be discussed
* **Facilitator:** Amalia

# Meeting minutes
## Ongoing initiatives

### Initiative 'Mission workshop'

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:** Finished. Clear mission for BCN chapter. = to the others. merged. can be closed. Kimberly feedback :) topics from amalia/Irina/Cvetan can be inspiration for future and brought here. can be closed.

### Initiative 'Christmas mails'

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:** Can be closed.

### Initiative 'Monthly meetings process'

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
### Initiative 'Next events planning'

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:** ok travelperk. New inititive: by Amalia to define the process. David interested. Depotlab for 24th (Martin)? ot TW (amalia)

## New initiatives

### Initiative 'OOP workshop' -> New name

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:** Pairing. katas. 'OOO' seems a difficult topic for the test. Lori wants to work on listing the possible (Find a name). git!! Format + content. Lori+Martin

### Initiative 'Re-purpose Trello board (for events only) & publish _procedures for setting up events_'

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:** github for initiatives or this meeting. Trello for events

### Initiative 'Extend organisers group?'

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:** Start by extending the helpers. Then at a later phase help backend stuff and then the organizers.
