# Organizers meeting agenda

#### Date  2019-04-05

#### Participants
_In alphabetical order_

* @amaliacardenas
* @daverick
* @jmbriano
* @loriking (Remotely)
* @raquelalvear
* @saljuama (Remotely)

#### Location

Lemonade

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (40')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Specific workshops/Curriculum development|@loriking|5|
|Define process for selecting next hosts|@amaliacardenas & @daverick|5|
|codebar.io landing page. Explanation in 3 languages|@jmbriano|5|
|Adding collaborators board|@amaliacardenas|5|
|Pride float|@daverick|5|
|On-boarding process|@amaliacardenas|5|
|E-mail templates|@amaliacardenas|5|
|Handbook for organizers|@amaliacardenas|5|


## New initiatives (15')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Raquel and Salva on-boarding|@jmbriano|5|
|Instagram account|@raquelalvear|5|
|Cloning RGSoC|@amaliacardenas|5|

# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops/Curriculum development

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
Due to limited availability of the owners, there was not progress from last meeting. @raquelalvear and @saljuama want to contribute to the initiative. @jmbriano is interested, but looking at the availability for the next months, prefers to step down for now.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
Amalia wrote an article explaining the rotation file available in this [PR](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/pull/22). This file still has some use cases not covered (i.e: possibility to see the history of the contacts with the hosts). So the initiative stays open to see how to add this information. The possibility to have it focused from the Host view will be assessed. There is an action for all organizers to **vote on the known hosts** in the rotation list http://bit.ly/2GMeteu. @jmbriano want to collaborate with the initiative.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages
**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
Texts in EN, ES, and CAT are ready. A change in codebar.io website must be performed before being able to upload the texts. @loriking put @jmbriano and Ilias in contact. @jmbriano is waiting for a workshop where both attend to do the changes during the session.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Adding collaborators board
**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
No progress. @raquelalvear is interested in collaborating with this initiative.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Pride float
**Owner:** @daverick

No progress. @saljuama will put @daverick in contact with TW people from _OutWorks_ so this initiative can be pushed forward.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

**Status:**

## On-boarding process
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
On boarding process was created by @amaliacardenas and is waiting for reviews in [PR](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/pull/29). The process will be tested with the on-boarding of @raquelalvear and @saljuama.
Personal @codebar.io mails were requested for all the organizers.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## E-mail templates
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
Ongoing initiative. @daverick wants to collaborate with the initiative.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Handbook for organisers
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
Ongoing initiative. @loriking wants to collaborate with the initiative.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

# New initiatives

## Raquel and Salva on-boarding

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**

@jmbriano and @amaliacardenas will coordinate a few training session starting after 14/may.
Before that Martin will share all the links available. During the on-boarding PR](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/pull/29) will be commented with missing information (if any). Also the links to the tools will be added in Git.

This initiative is **accepted** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Instagram account

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**
@raquelalvear will create a proposal for extending our social media to Instagram. She'll document the strategy in Github and the whole group will review. Upon approval of the PR, the execution will take place.

This initiative is **accepted** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Cloning RGSoC
**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
It was agreed to research what can be done in Spain similar to RGSoC. @amaliacardenas wants to collaborate with the initiative.

This initiative is **accepted** and should be included in next month agenda.

# Next monthly meeting
**Facilitator:** @amaliacardenas will be the facilitator and will do as much as possible with @raquelalvear so she gets hands on experience.

**Date:** 7/June
