# Organizers meeting agenda

#### Date  2019-04-05

#### Participants

* @amaliacardenas
* @jmbriano
* @loriking
* @daverick

#### Location

OpenBravo

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (25')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|**Specific workshops/Curriculum development**|@loriking & @jmbriano|5|
|**Define process for selecting next hosts**|@amaliacardenas & @daverick|5|
|**Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages**|@jmbriano|5|
|**Adding collaborators board**|@amaliacardenas|5|
|**Pride float**|@daverick|5|

## New initiatives (20')

No new initiatives were presented

# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops

**Owner:** @loriking & @jmbriano

**Status:**

No progress from last meeting. A few ideas were shared:
* Look into having a panel.
* Brainstorming with Raisa and possibly Guilia on how to prepare for a tech interview. IT recruiting.
* Jobs in tech workshop presentation.

There is a draft list of possible topics that include:
* prepare for an IT interview (with Raisa)
* git (there is a common initiative at codebar for such a workshop, maybe a global remote one! some contacts will be made with github from main codebar organization )
* D3.js

Action item: everyone will brainstorm/discuss ways in which we can move forward with introducing participants to diff roles in tech.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
@jmbriano showed the tool to help selecting hosts. @amaliacardenas will be giving access to other coordinators. Amalia needs to add links to doc and merge will be approved. Still to be discuss in this initiative if/how we will move forward to add more sessions per month. What would we need to expand is still to be defined.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages
**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
Martin got the 3 translations (EN, ES, CAT). Now there is technical blocking point. The codebar.io page does not accepts the length of the text. Elias could help on this subject and Lori will put him in contact with Martin and see if he can come to next session @ Lemonade.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Adding collaborators board
**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
There was some discussion about how to add/select new organizers and how to onboard them. @amaliacardenas will document the on-boarding process and the "manual" of what is expected from an organizer. Linked to this, it was identified that there is no repository of "common emails" and it could be a good idea to have them. This will be part of a new initiative owned by @amaliacardenas as of next meeting.

Apart from collaborators during the workshop, it was discussed and agreed to extend by 2 people the group of organizers. We agreed that both new members must be Spanish. Before next monthly meeting we'll talk with the candidates to see if they would like to join the organizers team.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Pride float
**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**
No progress from previous meeting. @loriking will set up a meeting with Miquel

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.
