# Organizers meeting agenda

#### Date  2019-04-05

#### Participants
_In alphabetical order_

* @amaliacardenas
* @daverick
* @loriking
* @raquelalvear
* @saljuama

#### Location

Thoughtworks

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (40')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Specific workshops/Curriculum development|@loriking|5|
|Define process for selecting next hosts|@amaliacardenas & @daverick|2|
|codebar.io landing page. Explanation in 3 languages|@jmbriano|5|
|Adding collaborators board|@amaliacardenas|2|
|Pride float|@daverick|5|
|On-boarding process|@amaliacardenas|2|
|E-mail templates|@amaliacardenas|2|
|Handbook for organizers|@amaliacardenas|2|
|Raquel and Salva on-boarding|@jmbriano|3|
|Instagram account|@raquelalvear|5|
|Cloning RGSoC|@amaliacardenas|2|
|Hosting events at King|@amaliacardenas|5|


## New initiatives (20')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Adding a community manager|@loriking| 5|


# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops/Curriculum development

Salva and Lori discussed ideas to develop careers and learning paths. They identified that people who attend the codebar workshops are often confused regarding the different types of career paths that they can take. As part of the workshop series that we can organize, Lori started to discuss with somebody from the Thoughtworks NY office, who is part of the Thoughtworks Arts program and is interested in giving a workshop on the ways to collaborate with artists. After having this workshop,  we propose to have follow sessions during the regular codebar workshops so that students can work directly on what was discussed.

A second workshop could be one that highlights the diversity of jobs available in tech.

One important thing that we are trying to address is once students learn the basics, where can they go next? We need to find out what students need.

We also discussed the possibility of forming codebar teams. Were a team of people work on a project together. We discussed creating a pilot group of 5 people to see how we could scale this up to the large codebar community.

The idea would be to start these workshops in September.

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


## Define process for selecting next hosts
The host selection sheet has been completed. A section to add historical data needs to be included and all Barcelona team members need to complete the host rating. There is a possibility of adding more dates to the calendar, but this will not happen until September. There is a possibility of having a session in August, although it might be a more social session.

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages
David attended the monthly organizer's meeting and discussed why it is important for the Barcelona chapter to have an explanation in three languages. Some of our students do not speak English, and we need a way for them to feel welcome and safe during the workshops. There is a possibility to translate the entire website. The translation project can be turned into a workshop. It will be a good way to include our students and it's a great way to learn git. There is a UX designer from London who is working on redesigning the landing page so that the page can be in different languages. It will take some time for the redesign to be completed, but the project is progressing.  

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


## Adding collaborators board
**Owner:** @jmbriano
Martin was not available to give us an update.

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


## Pride Month
The idea is to bring together different collectives from various companies and organize a social event. David, Raquel and Amalia will work together on this initiative. We will contact several people from Thoughtworks and Typeform to get the initiative going.

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


## On-boarding process document
The on-boarding document has been created and has been merged. We also tested the document with Raquel and Salva during an on-boarding session. If the document needs to be updated, members can create a PR to update.

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**


## E-mail templates
Amalia will follow up with the London team to see if the Barcelona team can have codebar emails.

As a group we identified that it can be confusing to know who i should answer an email if we get contacted by somebody. In order to make things more clear, we decided to add a "on call" field on the trello card for each workshop that we are organizing. The person who is on call for that week, is responsible for answering codebar emails.    

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**


## Handbook for organisers
There are no updates for this initiative. Amalia is still working on it.   

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


## Raquel and Salva on-boarding

**Owner:** @jmbriano
Martin, Amalia  Raquel and Salva met for an on-boarding session. We are working on making the process of on-boarding new organizers smoother. We covered the main sections for organizing a workshop. There is documentation in place for other processes. Salva and Raquel will let us know if anything in the documentation needs to be updated or improved.  
**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**

## Instagram account
The Instagram account is open now. Raquel has the passwords. Amalia will create a last Pass account to manage the passwords and will share it with the group. Raquel has a lot of ideas of ways to improve the Instagram account and will add a readme file with the hash tags, and how instructions on how to upload content and when to upload content so that other organizers can help manage the Instagram account.  

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Cloning RGSoC
We have decided to pilot a program called codebar teams, and not organize a RGSoC clone.  

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**

## Hosting events at King
At the moment we only have an opening in October. Once we start planning for 2020 we will contact the King team to book more dates. We will work with the team at King to simplify the organization of workshops so that we can have the event happen at king more regularly.

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**

# Adding a community manager
Lori will ask around to see if there is somebody interested in taking on this role.  

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.


# Next monthly meeting

**Facilitator:** Salva

**Date:** 5/July There are several people who could not make the 05 of July and we discussed the possibility of changing the date, Salva will propose a new date to the organizers.
