# Monthly organizers meeting Agenda and Meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-01-04

**PARTICIPANTS:** @amaliacardenas, @loriking (remotely), @daverick, @jmbriano
**LOCATION:** Lemonade

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (30')

* **Mission workshop** by @daverick (5')
* **Christmas mails** by @jmbriano (5')
* **Monthly meetings process** by @jmbriano (10')
* **Next events planning** by @amaliacardenas (5')

## New initiatives (30')

* **OOP workshop** by @loriking (10')
* **Re-purpose Trello board & publish 'procedures for setting up events'** by @jmbriano (10')
* **Extend organizers group?** by @loriking (10')

# Meeting minutes
## Ongoing initiatives

### Initiative 'Mission workshop'

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:** After the workshops to define our Barcelona mission, we happily concluded that our mission is aligned with the global. The notes from the workshop are published [here](../../../organisers_meetings/2018-12-05@lemonade/minutes.md). Kimberly commented in the PR letting us know that in UK they are working in the set up of codebar as a charity and they are refining the mission and we'll be informed when that activity is finished. Topics/actions from Amalia/Irina/Cvetan meeting can be inspiration for future and they can be brought to these monthly meetings as 'new initiatives' whenever they want to be moved forward. This initiative **can be closed**, and removed from the next agenda.

### Initiative 'Christmas mails'

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:** We agreed that it was a nice initiative and we should do it next year again. 4 out of 12 contacted hosts reacted positively to the email. This initiative **can be closed**, and removed from the next agenda.

### Initiative 'Monthly meetings process'

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:** The first meeting was successful. It was suggested to add a first section where the **objective** of the process is depicted. This allows to assess if the objective is fulfilled or needs revision. It also allows to decide if the process itself if appropriate or not to achieve the goal (Issue #18 was opened). A new PR will be opened to include this (and any other comment that may have been missed due to the (early) merge of the branch). This activity is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

### Initiative 'Next events planning'

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:** January 10th TravelPerk will host us. Follow up of the preparation activities will be done in Trello as usual. Martin will contact DepotLab for the January 24th. If they are not available, he will contact Ubiqum. Should both be not available, then Amalia will contact Thoughtworks. This initiative **can be closed**, and removed from the next agenda as host planning will be managed in the Trello board.

While discussing this topic, a new initiative was identified: 'Define process for selecting next hosts'. It is further detailed in next section.

## New initiatives

### Initiative 'Specific workshops'

**Owner:** @loriking and @jmbriano

**Status:** Initiatives like this one are good not only for the topic itself but also to get familiar with other aspects of the IT world like pair programming, code review, mentoring, etc. It was discussed that 'OOP' seems a difficult topic to try this format for the first time. _Git_ was proposed as a good candidate topic to do a pilot. This initiative consists on defining the (first list of) topics and the format of this special workshops (A clever name should be picked to avoid confusing them with the normal workshops in announcements and in the internal communications). It also consists on building a list of interesting topics (We must keep always in mind codebar mission when deciding the topics). This activity is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

### Initiative 'Re-purpose Trello board & publish _procedures for setting up events_'

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:** This activity consists on cleaning our current Trello board and leave there **only** the cards related to the upcoming events. Any other card will be archived. Complementing this activity, the _procedure for setting up events_ will be reviewed and completed aligned to the changes made in this Trello board. Cards in that Trello which look like a 'backlog' of initiatives will be groomed. Not to loose them, they will be shared by mail. If anyone wants to follow up any of those, they can be brought to the monthly meetings as 'new initiatives'. This activity is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

### Initiative 'Extend organizers group?'

**Owner:** N/A

**Status:** As Cvetan stepped down and Irina can not actively participate as organizer for a few months, we discussed about extending the organizers group to be able to cope with the volume of activities upcoming. We agreed to do the team extension in 3 steps. First by extending the _helpers_: coaches or students willing to participate more in codebar helping the organizer team in specific activities during the workshops or in between them. Secondly, delegating some of the _back office_ task: like setting up workshops, contacting hosts, social media, etc. And in third place, identifying, during the two previous steps, candidates to propose as organizers. This activity is ongoing, but each initiative owners can ask for _helpers_ as needed, so it **can be removed from next meeting agenda**. We will bring it back to the agenda the moment we want to do second step (delegating back office tasks) or third step (proposing candidates to extend the organizers team).

### Initiative 'Define process for selecting next hosts'

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas and @daverick

**Status:** The goal of this initiative is to define the criteria to select which spaces to contact next when looking for hosts. A few questions were already proposed: How big the space is? is it suitable for small pairing groups? is it aligned with our mission? how long has it been without doing a workshop there? Should host that contact us have priority in date assignment? Can we have measurement criteria and build a 'ranking' of hosts. (Side note: Not discussed in the meeting, but just popped up as an idea while writing: can we have a slack channel with hosts? #barcelona-chapter-hosts where we publish the next available dates and they pick?)  This activity is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Next meeting

* **Location:** Not defined yet
* **Facilitator:** Amalia
