# Organizers meeting minutes

#### Date  2019-03-01

#### Participants

* @amaliacardenas
* @jmbriano
* @loriking (remotely)
* @daverick

#### Location

Lemonade

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (25')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|**Specific workshops**|@loriking & @jmbriano|5|
|**Monthly meetings process**|@jmbriano|5|
|**Define process for selecting next hosts**|@amaliacardenas & @daverick|5|
|**Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages**|@jmbriano|5|
|**Adding Codebar Collaborators?**|@amaliacardenas|5|

## New initiatives (20')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|**Curriculum Development with Nimrod**|@loriking|10|
|**Initiative Pride Float?**|@amaliacardenas|10|

## Off topic

After the initiative meeting we will talk about an non initiative related topic.

# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops

**Owner:** @loriking & @jmbriano

**Status:**

There is a draft list of topics that include:
* prepare for an IT interview (with Raisa)
* git (there is a common initiative at codebar for such a workshop, maybe a global remote one! some contacts will be made with github from main codebar organization )
* D3.js

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Disgression: [Global] Choosing your first language

@jmbriano comment us that there is a global iniciative for choosing your first language. There is a PR (@jmbriano  do you have the link ? can't find it)

## Monthly meetings process

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**

The PR has been accepted and has been merged.

This initiative  **can be closed**, and removed from the next agenda  but we should reassess it in a few month.

## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**

The PR is pending review and the last one to review will have to merge.
@jmbriano present us the spreadsheet to help in the process of choosing the next host.
Once the PR is accepted the spreadsheet should be reviewed and we should start using it.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**

The translation in Spanish, English and Catalan for the Barcelona chapter welcome are made but the codebar website is not able to handle it right now.
Investigation will be needed to fibd the best way to deal with it.
We don't want translation but a multilingual landing page.

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Adding Codebar Collaborators

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**

Yes we want, and we even want to have some regulars helping on some task in organizing the workshop.

We will try to delegate some part of the workshop organization ( part of the mc, door, give name tags)

This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

# New initiatives

## Curriculum Development with Nimrod

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**

Still working on it

This initiative is **accepted** and should be included in next month agenda.


## Initiative Pride Float

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**

Over the summer we were approached by a host regarding a sponsorship for participating at the bcn gay pride.

The host will be contacted to better understand their intention.

This initiative is **accepted** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Collaboration board

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**

Having a collaboration board so that codebar members can help us in different part of organizing workshop ( translation, communication, foods)

This initiative is **accepted** and should be included in next month agenda.
